Fix and clarify TimeZone.from() (#321)
tc39/proposal-temporal: docs/timezone.md

tz2.getTransitions(now).next().done;  // => false
```

## Temporal.TimeZone.from(thing: string | object) : Temporal.TimeZone

**Parameters:**
- `thing` (string or object): A `Temporal.TimeZone` object or a string from which to create a `Temporal.TimeZone`.

**Returns:** a new `Temporal.TimeZone` object.

This static method creates a new time zone from another value.
If the value is a string, it can be:
- a string that is accepted by `new Temporal.TimeZone()`;

> - a string in the ISO 8601 format including a time zone part, optionally extended with an IANA time zone name in square brackets appended to it;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- a string in the ISO 8601 format including a UTC offset, optionally extended with an IANA time zone name in square brackets appended to it;
```

Author: Not sure I agree with this change. A time zone part can be a UTC offset optionally extended with an IANA name, but it can also be `Z`.

Reviewer: Surely "2020-01-25T15:15Z[Etc/UTC]" is invalid, right? "-05:00" is not a time zone, it is a difference between local time and UTC (which can be followed by a bracketed time zone name). And "Z" in that position is also not a time zone, it is a UTC designator (which cannot be).

Author: How about "a string in the ISO 8601 format including a time zone part" and then clarify in the text below that a time zone part can be "either the UTC designator `Z`, or a UTC offset optionally extended with an IANA name in brackets"?

Reviewer: That structure definitely works, but I think I would still call it an "offset part" rather than a "time zone part", because it's fundamentally coming from ISO 8601 as a UTC offset and only being _extended_ to include time zone information.

> - or, a string with _only_ the time zone part of the ISO 8601 format, again extended with optional IANA name in brackets.

Reviewer: I remain opposed to accepting "-08:00[America/Vancouver]" or "Z". What is the use case? Where would they come from, if not an ISO 8601 string that should be used in entirety?

Author: I also feel that these shouldn't be accepted, however, this is the status quo and it seems this is still being debated in #313 (and the precedent is https://github.com/tc39/proposal-temporal/issues/198#issuecomment-547552203); in any case, I've put this on the agenda for the next call.

> Or, if the value is an object, it can be another `Temporal.TimeZone` object, which is returned directly.

Reviewer: What about a non-Temporal.TimeZone object with the right properties, in analogy to `Temporal.Date.from({year: 2020, month: 1, day: 23})` and `Temporal.Duration.from({hours: 24})`?

Author: The only property is `name`, so you'd have `Temporal.TimeZone.from({name: 'America/Vancouver'})` which seems a bit redundant with `Temporal.TimeZone.from('America/Vancouver')`. However, it seems reasonable to add this capability for symmetry, if people feel strongly about it.

Reviewer: If the only property is `name`, then we have a separate problem of time zone objects not being constructible. Isn't a Temporal.TimeZone object intended to represent a [tzdata](https://data.iana.org/time-zones/tz-how-to.html) entity?

Author: Not sure if I understand what you mean with time zone objects not being constructible? If you mean that an object can have a UTC offset and no name, then maybe that means that the `name` property is misnamed; since `Temporal.TimeZone.from('-08:00').name === '-08:00'` so presumably if we allowed construction from an options bag we'd allow `{ name: '-08:00' }`.

Reviewer: No, I mean that time zone objects consist fundamentally of a collection of rules describing when and how local time transitions between (UTC) offsets. Although a time zone can be _looked up_ from a common database by name, it's not a name—it's a data structure, and constructing a time zone from scratch is an important use case (cf. [`getTimeZoneObjectFromRules`](https://github.com/tc39/proposal-temporal/issues/240#user-content-timezone-instance), among others).

Author: Constructing "synthetic" time zone objects is an API that we describe neither in the spec nor in the polyfill right now. I'd consider that out of scope for fixing the current problems with `TimeZone.from()`, but I opened another issue for it: #332

Reviewer: Given the undeveloped state of those objects, I'm fine with keeping them out of scope for this PR.

This function is often more convenient to use than `new Temporal.TimeZone()` because it handles a wider range of input.

Usage examples:
```javascript
// IANA time zone names and UTC offsets
tz = Temporal.TimeZone.from('UTC');
tz = Temporal.TimeZone.from('Africa/Cairo');
tz = Temporal.TimeZone.from('america/VANCOUVER');
tz = Temporal.TimeZone.from('Asia/Katmandu');  // alias of Asia/Kathmandu
tz = Temporal.TimeZone.from('-04:00');

> tz = Temporal.TimeZone.from('+645');

Reviewer: This also is not valid ISO 8601 and therefore suspect. Why should Temporal.TimeZone.from accept it?

Author: Because we have decided that `Temporal.TimeZone.from` should accept a UTC offset string (regardless of whether we decide that a bare ISO 8601 time zone part is okay) and the polyfill currently considers that a UTC offset string. (The spec says nothing yet, since that's still marked TODO.) I think I agree that a legal UTC offset string should be the same as a legal UTC offset in an ISO 8601 time zone part, so I'll add another commit to this branch to bring that in line.

// ISO 8601 string with time zone part
tz = Temporal.TimeZone.from('2020-01-14T00:31:00.065858086Z');
tz = Temporal.TimeZone.from('2020-01-13T16:31:00.065858086-08:00');
tz = Temporal.TimeZone.from('2020-01-13T16:31:00.065858086-08:00[America/Vancouver]');

// Only time zone part of ISO 8601 string
tz = Temporal.TimeZone.from('Z');
tz = Temporal.TimeZone.from('-08:00[America/Vancouver]');
// If the offset and IANA time zone name disagree, the name takes precedence

> Temporal.TimeZone.from('-05:00[UTC]').name;  // => UTC

Reviewer: What?!?

Author: Well, we have to do _something_ if they disagree, and this is what the polyfill currently does :stuck_out_tongue_closed_eyes: 

I agree that it seems off, though. Other options would be:
- consider the string invalid if they disagree (although that opens a can of worms because an IANA zone can have multiple offsets throughout the year and throughout history, so what does disagreement mean? We should _definitely_ not allow a bare time zone part if that's the case, since agreement would only be well-defined for a specific date and time)
- change our extension to ISO 8601 so that it's not possible to give both an offset and a name

Reviewer: > * We should _definitely_ not allow a bare time zone part if that's the case, since agreement would only be well-defined for a specific date and time)

What do you mean? `Temporal.TimeZone.from('-05:00')` should return the time zone that is always 5 hours behind UTC, `Temporal.TimeZone.from('UTC')` should return the time zone that is always UTC, and `Temporal.TimeZone.from('America/New_York')` should return the US Eastern Time Zone (whose relationship to UTC is variable).

Author: > > * We should _definitely_ not allow a bare time zone part if that's the case, since agreement would only be well-defined for a specific date and time)
> 
> What do you mean? `Temporal.TimeZone.from('-05:00')` should return the time zone that is always 5 hours behind UTC, `Temporal.TimeZone.from('UTC')` should return the time zone that is always UTC, and `Temporal.TimeZone.from('America/New_York')` should return the US Eastern Time Zone (whose relationship to UTC is variable).

Sorry, I should have clarified that better; my thinking is that we have two somewhat overlapping possibilities for designating a time zone, which I'm calling
- "time zone identifier" (offset or IANA name), and
- "bare time zone part of ISO 8601 string" (whatever we'd allow as an ISO 8601 string, but with the date and time parts chopped off).
Strings like `UTC` and `America/Vancouver` are only valid "time zone identifiers". Strings like `Z` and `-08:00[America/Vancouver]` are only valid "bare time zone parts". Strings like `-08:00` are valid as both.

My opinion is that because a "bare time zone part" can actually contradict itself (`-05:00[UTC]`) that's another argument for not allowing them when constructing a time zone object. I suspect we agree about this.

> > change our extension to ISO 8601 so that it's not possible to give both an offset and a name
> 
> It's only a problem when constructing a time zone object—in all other cases, time zone names are only valid after UTC offsets, which theirselves are only valid after datetimes (and therefore provide access to sufficient information for detecting disagreement and rejecting the input when found).

Agreed.

tz2.getTransitions(now).next().done;  // => false
```

## Temporal.TimeZone.from(thing: string | object) : Temporal.TimeZone

**Parameters:**
- `thing` (string or object): A `Temporal.TimeZone` object or a string from which to create a `Temporal.TimeZone`.

**Returns:** a new `Temporal.TimeZone` object.

This static method creates a new time zone from another value.
If the value is a string, it can be:
- a string that is accepted by `new Temporal.TimeZone()`;
- a string in the ISO 8601 format including a time zone offset part.

> Or, if the value is an object, it can be another `Temporal.TimeZone` object, which is returned directly.

Reviewer: #232 calls for `from` to always return a new object. But if the other `from`s currently do direct returns, then :+1: to this for now and they can all be fixed together.

Author: They do, as far as I can tell.
